In this lecture, we'll be seeing how we can derive our different porn classes from the porn based class
that we've created.
So creating blueprint classes derived from our C++ classes is just going to make things much easier
to test and prototype things in the editor.
This will also give us some great insights into what we'll be wanting to separate out into the future
C++ porn classes.
I will also see the problem caused by not implementing the new property specifiers.
So we're gonna start by setting up the project ready for our new classes.
We'll start by creating a new folder inside of the content structure named Blueprints.
Then another folder inside of this named Porns.
So this is just mirroring the C++ classes and the folder structure.
Just keep things nice and easy to find and manage both the C++ and the blueprint classes.
Now we can navigate to our C++ points folder, then to derive a blueprint class from a C++ class.
The easiest way is just going to be to right click on this and select create a blueprint based on the
class name.
So here we've got pawn base.
Then if we name the first class, our BP underscore porn tank, we can see inside of our new blueprint
that the parent class is our porn base, which is exactly what we wanted to see.
Another way to set our C++ class as the parent is to select the Create Blueprint class in the folder
that you want to create the new blueprint.
And again, this is going to be our porn's folder.
Then you can search for the custom class that we've created, which is going to be the porn base, just
as you would any other kind of default unroll class.
And it will appear here.
So it's like that.
And then we'll name this one to BP, underscore porn turret.
So now if we open this, we can see that once again, the parent class is the porn base.
Now that we have the basic visual representation of our classes, we can see which components we want
to split up into their own child C++ classes.
So in the turret class, we can actually see that we have everything that we need.
The enemy functions are gonna be very simple.
They're just going to stay in the level statically.
And we have all of the visual representation and collisions set up, as well as the projectile spawn
point.
If we don't move over to the porn, that tank class, this is, of course, going to look exactly the
same at the moment.
But we could do with a couple of extra things specifically to do with player control.
And that's gonna be the camera component, which is how the player will view the game through the camera
viewpoint.
And we're also going to add something which is just kind of an optional extra.
And that's the spring, um, which will make the camera movement feel a little bit nicer and provide
us with some extra control.
And these components, of course, are the ones which would make no sense having in the A.I. controlled
tart's class, which is why splitting the light into their own C++ classes is gonna be one of the best
approaches here.
The final thing to recap is the U.
Property specifiers and the results of using the create default sub object and the setup attachments.
So we can see here that everything is nested exactly as we had specified in our C++ class.
The capture component is the root or the one at the very top of the hierarchy with the base match sitting
directly on the root component.
Then the turret mesh being the child of the base mesh component.
And then finally the projectile spawn point being nested on to the turret mesh.
The problem arises here, though.
If we select any of these components, we can see we have an issue in our details panel.
And that problem is that we don't actually have any details.
So where we'd be expecting to see options for things like the capsule scaling, static mesh slots,
transforms, et cetera.
We just have a completely empty panel, and that's just because we haven't added any properties.
So unreal, doesn't know how to handle or display this in the blueprint subplots.
And we'll be solving this in the next lecture.
When we start getting a better understanding of access modifiers.